[ Music ]
>> Lilou: Hello mu
beautiful co-creators.
Lilou here for Gaiam TV.
I'm on the road.
I'm really on the road because
I just came back from London
and now I'm in beautiful
Santa Barbara
in the mountains with you, Dain.
I'm so excited!
>> Dain Heer: So I am I!
Thanks for having me in the
mountains of Santa Barbara!
How does it get any
better than that?
>> Lilou: And that's what this
conversation is about really.
Can life really get that
good, that juicy all the time?
You're the author of Being You,
Changing Your World, is that?
>> Dain Heer: Yeah, Being
You, Changing the World.
>> Lilou: Changing the World.
Author of nine books.
So, we're really going to get
into the world of possibilities,
infinite possibilities.
Life really can be
excellent, great all the time?
>> Dain Heer: Well, I'd
say most of the time.
You know, I still
have ups and downs.
And not even ups and downs,
it's like I still have downs
sometimes, but they're just
so much less than they
were before, well,
before I'd say 13 years ago,
I came across something
called Access Consciousness,
and using those tools, it's
like life just started going
like this and I think
if somebody tells you you're
never going to be down,
they're lying to you or trying
to sell you something, you know?
But the, the lows
get a lot less low
and the highs get a lot
higher, and you're just,
keep it more of the time.
>> Lilou: Yes.
So you were a chiropractor,
is that right?
And how did this
happen, because I,
I hear that you this kind
of suicidal thoughts?
>> Dain Heer.
Yeah, yeah, truly.
13 years ago, I was at a place
where I was literally going
to kill myself if things
didn't change, and I was one
of those people who was
doing everything they could
to try to create change.
I would read books, I would
go to seminars, and the number
of times I'd go to a
seminar and feel so pumped
by Sunday night and be like yes!
I finally found the answer!
Yes, it's going to
happen this time!
And by Wednesday morning, I was
buried again in the unhappiness
and the feeling like
I couldn't it.
And that happened
one time too many
and I said universe
look, you got six months.
Either my life really changes
this time, either I really,
actually start to
have the possibilities
that I know are available
and actually create them
or I'm killing myself.
>> Lilou: Oh, so you actually
challenged the universe,
that's how it went?
>> D.H.: Yeah.
It's kind of like
David and Goliath.
You know, little
Dain going universe!
You know what I mean?
But sometimes you
get to that point
where you don't care what
it is, you don't care,
it's like you have to make
that demand sometimes.
In order to be willing to let
go of what you considered was
so real in the past in order
to let something new in.
And I did, and literally
a week later,
I saw an ad for something
called Access Consciousness,
and it said, "Access,
all of life comes to me
with ease and joy and glory."
And of course I was like, no, uh
huh, I wanted to kill the girl
that put the ad in the paper.
I was like you don't know
what my life is like!
My life is pain,
suffering, and gory,
what are you talking about?
You know? And I look, you
know, I look back on it now.
>> Lilou: You people
that are happy!
>> D.H.: Exactly!
What are you talking
about happy?
Go away happy schmappy,
bamp bamp!
You know? And it's so funny
because I literally threw the
paper away and it was here
in Santa Barbara where
the, the local paper comes
out once a week, and I'm leafing
through the paper the
following week looking
for nothing in particular.
I see this tiny, little ad,
"Access, all of life comes to me
with ease and joy and glory."
And I wanted to get
really angry again,
and then something stopped
me and I remembered something
that I heard a long time ago.
Whether you love something or
hate it, there's something there
for you, you just don't
know what it is yet.
So I called the girl and
I'm like, what do you do?
And she said we do
all kinds of stuff.
And she actually
sounds genuinely happy,
which was very disarming because
I was pissed off at happy people
at that time in my life.
You know? If you've
ever been depressed
and you see happy people
and you want to kill them,
you know what I'm talking about.
And it's so funny to acknowledge
that that's where I was then,
but literally, she
sounded happy.
And I said okay, what do you do?
And she said all kinds of
stuff, but a good place
to start would be with
this stuff we call the bar.
So anyway, I went and
I had this session.
I started giggling from the
moment we started the session,
an hour and 15 minutes later,
after giggling for an hour
and 15 minutes, I got up
and I was like oh my god,
has the world always
been this beautiful?
But in contrast, everything
else I'd ever done,
it didn't go away.
Because what she did was she
also gave me tools to use
when it felt like the universe
was, you know, going to, blah,
easy for me to say, going to
contract back into my world
and onto my head again?
She gave me tools to
go no, we can undo it.
And it was those tools, in
addition to the sessions
that we did, that really
started changing things.
So what happened was when
I went to her and I wanted
to kill myself I was like
this, and it opened up a sense
of space and I remember it
being one of the first times
in my life I knew
everything was okay,
everything always had been,
and everything always would be.
And then we'd, you know, the
universe would try to sit
on my head again, and
I'd use a tool and,
and the space would
be there again.
Because I think what a
lot of us are missing
in our lives is a
sense of space.
A sense of like hey, it's okay.
Wherever you live, wherever
you are its like having a sense
of like [sigh] I
can breathe again.
>> Lilou: Where there's
a voice all the time,
it seems like there's not enough
space, because it's running,
it's in tape, it's in loop even.
>> D.H.: All the time.
All the time.
And you know what,
what's interesting?
Is that's one of the first
tools she gave me was a way
to eliminate that.
And I needed that
so dynamically,
because one of the things
that she talked to me about
and now I talk to all kinds
of other people about,
is 98 percent of your
thoughts, your feelings,
and your emotions, don't
actually belong to you.
You're actually picking them
up like a big psychic radio
received from everyone
around you all the time
thinking they're yours.
So if you can imagine if
98 percent of your sadness,
98 percent of your frustration,
98 percent of your anger,
98 percent of your judgements,
98 percent of the yuck,
98 percent of feeling like you
can't do it, wasn't even yours?
If there were an easy way to go,
it's not mine, okay, bye bye,
that's actually what happens.
>> Lilou: So this is what
you do each time there is
these thoughts.
It's POC.
>> D.H.: Yeah, there's POC and
POD, that's another good one.
You can use that
to change anything.
And this particular one is you
go who does this belong to?
To the thought, the feeling,
the emotion, the judgement,
the heaviness, and
if it lightens
up at all, it's not yours.
You just return it to sender
and you don't have to know
who the sender is even,
because if it's not yours,
you can't change it.
You can only change the
stuff that is yours.
But what most of us
are doing is trying
to change all the stuff that's
in our heads thinking
it's ours, but it's not.
And so what happens, you
ask, who does this belong to?
And if it lightens up, it's not
yours, and then you're done.
You're just like oh
cool, it's not mine,
and the way it works is when
you actually acknowledge
that it's not yours, that's
what starts setting you free.
So, the way it works for most
of us is we're having
a really good day.
We are so on, you know, we're
in the hills of Santa Barbara,
everything is beautiful,
you know, it's sunny,
it's not 100 degrees like
where I live now in Texas.
Ah! And, you know, so you're
having a great day and all
of a sudden you're driving down
the road and you feel like rage
or anger or, or fear or
sadness, but wait a minute,
what if it's actually
the person driving
down the road next to you?
Who just had an argument with
their husband or something?
And they don't, and
they're really furious,
and you pick up on that energy.
Well, that's not yours.
So you can't do anything
about it,
because it's a person over here.
So you go who does
that belong to?
It lightens up and then
you're happy again.
And it literally, I know it
sounds so simple, and so,
and we're so used to
doing things and believing
that the only things that work
are the things that take a lot
of work and a lot of
effort and are hard work,
it doesn't have to be that way.
You know, the universe,
itself, is really based on ease.
Most of us aren't aware
of that and I get it
because I wasn't either 13 years
ago, which is why I want to talk
to people about it;
I want them to know
that it's actually possible.
>> Lilou: So we're
looking in the wrong places
or asking ourselves
the wrong questions?
>> D.H.: Most of the time, yeah.
And, in fact, what most of us,
we don't even ask questions.
Which is an interesting thing.
Most people, their primary
question is what's wrong
with me?
You know? Which is
not a question,
that's already a conclusion
that there's something wrong.
And now you're just,
now your job is to find
out what it is that's wrong.
Let's try a different
question, let's try what's right
about me that I'm not getting?
What's right about this
situation that I'm not getting?
So there are these other ways,
you know, these other questions
that we can ask that literally
just asking them opens a
different doorway
of possibility.
And that's what I'm
interested in.
Because what I see is
if we can actually get
that there are different
choices available,
and then actually allow
ourselves to choose them,
we've got totally
different possibilities
for what we can create
as our lives.
And if we do that, and
enough of us do it,
we actually change the
level of happiness and peace
and ease on the planet.
We actually can come together
and contribute to each other
and support each other in a
way that's not possible now.
Cause how can people support
each other and contribute
to each other when they're
so busy working on the trauma
and drama and trying
to do it and trying
to just get to a place of level.
You know? It's like we
deserve far more than that.
>> Lilou: So it's like
bringing really a lot more light
in the space and then light
kind of dissolve the rest, huh?
Or, or because of that
space, because of that, yeah,
that space of possibility
then things,
really good things can show up.
Otherwise it's dark!
>> D.H.: Yeah, exactly.
And that's exactly what it
is, it's bringing that light,
and one of the things
that you want to know is
that what's true always
makes you feel lighter.
A lie always makes you heavier.
So, part of the reason so many
people are walking around with
so much heaviness is because
they're buying all kinds
of things that aren't
really true for them,
trying to make them true
with their energy, you know,
it's like they're giving
their life's energy
to make things true for
them when that aren't.
When you stop doing that,
it's a amazing the amount
of energy you have for
creation, for generation,
for travelling the world,
you know, creating change
in people's lives,
like you're doing.
I mean, it's like,
you know what I mean?
But you got to this place
in your life where you're
like okay, what I was
doing, enough of that.
I'm doing to do something for
me, I'm going to do something
for fun, I'm going to do
something that will contribute
to people and change
their lives.
>> Lilou: Because it's
immediately what we want to do,
contribute, once, once we're
not on about our own stuff.
>> D.H.: Yes, exactly.
Cause that's out nature.
You know? That's our nature
is to contribute to others,
and I think one of the
things that depresses people
and makes them so happy is they
would really love to be able
to do that, but they feel like
they're so buried in their lives
and buried and not being able
to even handle their own stuff,
pay their own rent, if you
will, and do their own thing,
that they feel like until I get
this handled, I can't contribute
to other people and it's
part of what makes them go
into judgement of them.
>> Lilou: I know you go
into money conversation,
body conversation, relationship,
money is a big one, huh?
As to, oh, only when
I have enough money,
I can then do this work.
It's easy; it's spiritual,
no, not now.
>> D.H.: Right.
Exactly. It's like, um,
I'll get back to you
on my whole personal growth
thing once I pay the rent.
You know what I mean?
But what people don't
realize is.
>> Lilou: That is another
conversation that is heavy, huh?
>> D.H.: Yeah.
Absolutely.
One, one of the heaviest.
Especially since, oh, I
don't know, 2008, you know?
You know, since the
global financial crisis,
or the worldwide depression,
whatever you want to
call it, you know?
It's like especially since
then, but that's another example
of that, who the heck
does this belong to thing?
Because a lot of people
around the world went [yelling]
financially and so you pick it
up even more than you ever
have and then think it's yours,
and then you pass it
on to other people,
because you're vibrating
it even more, well,
what if we all collectively
went, wait a minute,
who does this belong to?
And then the one person who's
thinking it can have it back
and hopefully change
it, you know?
[Laughing]
>> Lilou: I love it!
I love it!
Back to the bankers.
I shouldn't say that, sorry
for the bankers watching.
No, you're great!
>> D.H.: I'm sure there are
lots of bankers watching,
she didn't mean that [laughter].
>> Lilou: So the, the POC,
POC, or how do you call it?
That one, because
that's a related.
>> D.H.: Yeah, they're,
they're related.
And, and the thing is with POC
and POD, you can literally start
to change anything in your life
you've ever wanted to change.
And the way it works is this.
>>> Lilou: You really
like that one.
I can tell you, his
little hand [laughing].
>> D.H.: I get like a big
6-year-old, I'm like oh,
I get to share POC and POD.
You know? Cause,
cause it really has.
It's like it's changed
my life so much
and it's changed the
lives of the people
that I get the fortune
of working with so much,
it's like, and it's there.
You know? It's like use it!
Why not? You know?
For me it's kind of
like a magic wand.
It's like when I was
a little kid, I mean,
when you were a little kid,
didn't you know you should
have a magic wand and be able
to change anything, right?
Well it's kind of like that.
And, literally, what it does
is anyplace in your life
where you're feeling stuck.
Anyplace you're feeling
locked up.
What you do is you
ask to undo it.
To destroy the limitation
and to uncreate it means
take your creative energy
out of creating limitation
and put it
into creating possibilities.
And so, what you do is,
like, want to take a subject
>> Lilou: Yeah, relationship.
>> D.H.: Relationship,
just another quick one.
[Laughter] I love it.
So far we've talked about
money, relationship.
[Sigh] Okay .
What about relationship?
>> Lilou: I love it.
>> D.H.: I know, it's great.
[Laughter]
>> Lilou: Like it's
the wrong relationship.
>> D.H.: Oh, that one.
[Pause] I'm not going to address
that on a personal level.
Okay, so, here's the thing.
So how many points of view
about who you should choose
in relationship have you bought
from other people
other than you?
Right?
>> Lilou: Lots of books, movies.
>> D.H.: Exactly.
>> Lilou: Mom!
>> D.H.: Books, movies, mom!
Mom, mom, and mom.
And then all of your friends
that told you the
same thing mom said,
so you know it must
be real and true
of what you're supposed
to look for.
But then every time you find the
person mom decided you should be
with, you hate it,
and so do they.
You know what I mean?
It's because it's not
you choosing from you.
So here's what we do
in that situation.
So, everybody else that
you bought the idea
of what the perfect person
to be in a relationship is,
well you destroy and uncreate
it, and return it to sender.
>> Lilou: And return to sender.
>> D.H.: Okay.
Thank you.
"Right and Wrong, Good
and Bad, POD, POC, All 9,
Shorts, Boys and Beyond."
Now that's the whole
clearing statement.
You can do it.
>> Lilou: I see your
little hand going like.
>> D.H.: I know, my hands
wiggling, I'm like oh!
>> Lilou: This is working!
He has the energy.
>> D.H.: Yeah, and
that's actually,
when the energy moves,
so does my hand.
And I don't even realize it, you
know, until you point it out.
I'm like, oh, it's
happening on TV, okay.
>> Lilou: No, it's good, because
I, I, because that's the thing
that when we're on the
other side of this screen,
we can't really see, so I'm
sharing as much of your world
as possible so we can get in
that space and, and get it,
and get that freedom
too, for ourselves.
So it's beautiful.
>> D.H.: Yes.
Thank you.
>> Lilou: So there's
nothing wrong with the hand!
I was not trying to [laughter].
>> D.H.: No, no, I.
[Laughter] No worries,
I'm good, you know.
And that, and that's
the other thing that,
that if we can, two things.
So, when you say the thing about
the hand, you know, and truly,
there are no worries in my
universe, but 13 years ago,
if you would have said anything
about my clothes, my hair,
my hands, or anything, I would
have been like oh my god!
I, what do I do,
I'm being judged!
You know what I mean?
And a lot of people live there
because they haven't gotten
to the place where they realize
that there's actually
nothing wrong with them.
And anything somebody else says
is whatever somebody else is
saying at the time, and what
it does, when you have that,
is it actually starts
to create a space
where you don't have
to judge you anymore.
So in this thing
with a relationship
that we're talking about.
What most of us do is
we are told the type
of person we should be with
by our family, like you said,
by mom, especially
mom, and then dad.
And actually mom tells us who
to be with, dad tells us who not
to be with, is usually
how it works, you know?
And then we pick it up from
our friends and so we're trying
to find the perfect
thing that will match all
of their expectations.
So let's do this.
So all the projections, the
expectations, the separations,
the judgements, and the
rejections that have been placed
on all of us about who we're
supposed to choose to be
in a relationship
with, can we destroy it
and uncreate it please?
>> Lilou: Yes.
>> D.H.: "Right and Wrong,
Good and Bad, POD, POC, All 9,
Shorts, Boys and Beyond."
>> Lilou: Boys and Beyonds?
>> D.H.: Yeah.
Boys and Beyonds, not this is.
>> Lilou: Not Girls and Beyond?
>> D.H.: I know, right?
It's, believe me, it's
not meant to be sexist.
It just happens to be that these
guys hold a limitation in place.
So of course they're
boys, hello,
girls don't do limited stuff.
>> Lilou: That's right.
>> D.H.: My mom told me that.
Girls are perfect and boys,
here's, here's the way it works.
If a tree falls in the
forest and no one is around,
is the man still wrong?
Well, yes, of course,
hello, I learned this
from my mom, see
that's why I've.
No I'm just kidding,
my mom is great.
But, but there's this,
what these boys are is they're
actually something called a
nucleated sphere.
And we don't need to go into
that, but it's like this.
Have you ever been told you have
to peel the layers of the onion
to get to the core of the issue?
Well, what these boys
are is literally,
it's not actually an onion,
it looks like an onion,
cause the core is down here
and then there's another
layer outside of that,
and one outside, and
one outside of that,
but the way this works is with
most of the issues in our lives,
we work and work
and work and we pop
that outer layer
and we're like yes!
We're free!
And then all of a
sudden, it grows in again.
And then we feel
like we have to work
on the same darn thing
we just worked on.
Part of what's involved
in this clearing statement
that we're undoing, is
exactly that, the onion.
So let's do this.
So all of you, all of
you, all of us, okay?
All the onions that
you've been peeling in all
of your various lifetimes, that
you've been peeling and peeling
and peeling and peeling,
that have given you nothing
but tears, that were
actually nucleated spheres,
will you destroy and
uncreate it please?
>> Lilou: Wow, yes!
>> D.H.: Right?
"Right and Wrong, Good
and Bad, POD, POC, All 9,
Shorts, Boys and Beyond."
Now here's the way this,
this clearing statement works
and you can use it on your own,
and you can use the
short form, POC and POD.
Okay? POC and POD.
>> Lilou: POC and POD.
>> D.H.: It's a lot
easier to remember than all
that other stuff
I just said, okay?
But POC and POD will
actually work.
And basically it's asking to go
back to the point of creation,
of wherever you locked
a limitation in place,
or the point of destruction,
wherever you took something
that was unlimited
and decided you needed
to make it more limited
to fit in.
So, you go POC and POD all that.
And what you can do is if you
have something that keeps coming
up in your life, that keeps,
you keep working on it
and it keeps not
changing, you go, okay, so,
all those things Dain said?
POC and POD all those.
And literally, it'll
start going away.
And, how does that,
you're like, wait, I know,
[inaudible] what'd you say?
[Inaudible] You're like I'm
going to replay that over
and over and over and over.
But that's actually,
you know what the,
the fun part about it is?
It's actually that simple.
And you can hear me saying
it and because the energy's
out there in the world now,
you can hear me saying it
and it actually works
to change for you too.
>> Lilou: I know the, the
book is called Being You,
so how is that related?
Is that, does that, so then,
I guess we're becoming
more ourselves?
>> D.H.: Absolutely.
And that's exactly what
happens is, literally,
when you're trying to live up to
everybody else's expectations,
when you're aware of their
points of view and you're trying
to meet those rather
than [pause] being you,
rather than doing what you
know, you create this life
that has nothing to do
with you and you feel
like you never get to be you.
And so, what this is really
about is when you truly get
to be you, when you truly get
to what's really true and,
you know, people talk about,
you know, follow your heart,
and I say follow your heart
and follow your awareness
and follow your whole being.
You know? Let your heart
expand into your whole world
and when you get to be that,
you, it's weird, because it's
like the universe opens up
all these different choices
that you never saw before.
Because all you could
focus on was trying
to make everybody else happy
or trying to live according
to their projections and
their points of view,
and what happens is that
takes you out of getting
to the joy that you are.
It takes you out of being
here, on a day like today,
where it's just the sun is
blue, the temperature's perfect,
sitting next to a beautiful
French woman, oh my god!
How did I get so lucky?
Right?
>> Lilou: How does it
get better than this?
>> D.H.: Exactly!
How does it get any
better than that?
>> Lilou: It's always that,
how does it get any
better that that?
>> D.H.: Yeah.
And, and truly, from
a place of gratitude.
From, from being totally
present here, like, hi.
And totally grateful
for this moment
and then also how does it
get any better than this?
Literally, if you'll add this
question to your repertoire,
I don't know if I said it right.
Was that pretty good?
>> Lilou: Perfect!
>> D.H.: Yeah?
Cool.
>> Lilou: Repertoire.
>> D.H.: Oh, you, you.
I didn't say it nearly
as beautiful as you did.
We could just sit here and
you could speak French to all
of us, I'm just saying.
That would work for
me [laughing].
>> Lilou: That was
a French lesson.
This is a moment, right?
>> D.H.: And how does it
get any better than that?
But literally, if you'll start
adding this one question,
how does it get any
better than this?
Yes, when something good happens
or when something bad happens.
>> Lilou: So how does it
work for when it gets bad?
That means you want to
deepen that bad experience?
I don't get that part.
>> D.H.: No, you want
it to get better.
So when something bad
happens, like, for example,
let's say your flight
is cancelled.
And you go, you've never
had that one traveling
around the world,
I'm sure [laughing].
And you're like, you know, when
you really want to kill people,
you go, how does it get
any better than this?
And ask it.
And then ask it again.
And ask it again, but being
totally present with it,
and ask it again
and ask it again.
Then all of a sudden, number
one, it changes the energy.
See cause we're energetic
beings.
You know, when we feel
alive, when we feel connected
with everyone, when we have
that energy, that happiness,
that joy, things happen
as if by magic, right?
Well, what if our lives
could be more like that?
What if we could
change the energy
of any situation that's
going on to make it better?
So how does it get any better
than this actually does that.
So let's say your
flight is cancelled
and you go how does it
get any better than this?
Well, I literally had
a lady who was coming
to a class I was giving,
and her flight was cancelled
because of weather
in the next city.
Like she was going through
Chicago to get to Montreal
or something, and she,
she goes up to the counter
and the lady says, yeah,
the flight's cancelled, so,
and she looks at her
and she says, really,
how does it get any
better than that?
And she went hmm, I don't know.
And she's typing on her.
>> Lilou: Really?
>> D.H.: Yeah, literally,
asked it to the person?
Right? How does it get
any better than that?
Because what it does it opens
up this, it opens things rather
than closes things, and
most people are so used to,
especially the people
that are, are, I mean,
I was on a flight yesterday
and there was this lady yelling
at the woman behind the counter
because her flight had been
cancelled and the lady was
so nice, so they're used to
dealing with that and you come
up and go, hey, I totally
get it, I totally understand,
how does it get any
better than this?
And they're like, you're
not making me wrong?
And, literally, the lady
started typing on the computer,
and she said, well, I don't.
>> Lilou: That's the best
traveling tip I've ever heard.
>> D.H.: You're welcome,
and especially given your
current travel schedule.
This one will really
come in handy.
And so the lady said,
she said, well,
really I don't think
we have anything,
but I'm going to keep checking.
She said, cool, how does it
get any better than that?
And just then the lady,
her eyes get really wide,
she's like, oh my gosh!
She's like I've got
a seat on a flight!
It's going to be different, but
actually you'll get in early.
She's like, and, you know what?
Gosh, imagine that, the only
seat that's available is
in business class.
Is it okay if I upgrade
you to business class?
And she went sure, how does
it get any better than that?
And the lady goes, I don't know,
but I think you're doing
pretty well so far!
And literally, the
lady got there early,
and she actually got
upgraded to business class.
And this is a true story.
She told it in class
when she got there.
She said, I just
want you to know,
these tools that you
give people actually work
in real life situations.
And that's what I'm
interested in.
Cause it would be one thing
if we could live in a cave
or live in a classroom.
You know what I mean?
It'd be like okay, bad
things, okay, let me, let POC
and POD it, let me do, you know?
But we don't.
We live out in the world.
That's where we're required
is out in the world,
that's where we need the tools.
>> Lilou: But then it gets
really good and it's important,
we're like oh no, this is
really, really good now.
>> D.H.: And how does it
get any better than that?
>> Lilou: No, but at some point
it's like, oh, this is really,
really good and then we stop
that thrill because it arrived
at such a peak that we're like
okay, now it's really good.
>> D.H.: And then the question
becomes, am I really willing
to live the adventure
that I'm capable of?
Lilou, traveling around the
world, interviewing people,
making the world a better place,
on the big jets [laughter].
>> Lilou: How does it
get any better than this?
>> D.H.: Exactly.
See, but you're right.
That is. What we do is we get
to this place and we're like,
oh, and we think in our.
>> Lilou: Like lady
with the diamond.
>> D.H.: Yeah, yeah.
There was this lady
who, literally, she,
she took this tool, she got
it, she was in New York,
and Gary Douglas, the founder
of Access, was giving this class
and he gave her this tool
how does it get any better
than this?
She literally goes out of the
class, finds a dime sitting
on the ground and goes, oh,
how does it get any
better than that?
Picks it up, puts it in her
pocket, goes down to get
out of the elevator
and there was like a 10
or a 20 dollar bill, one of
those, I never remember anymore,
sitting on the ground,
and nobody's around,
and so she picks it up and
goes how does it get any better
than that?
And sticks it in her pocket.
So she decides she's
going to take a taxi
to her building rather
than wait for the subway
and all that sort of stuff.
And she was like,
hello, I got 10 bucks,
I'm going to do that, right?
And so, the taxi lets her
off in front of her building,
had she taken the subway,
she would have gone
around the rear entrance, which
is where she usually goes to,
she goes to get out of the
taxi, looks down in the gutter,
and she sees something sparkly.
Well, you know what it was,
it was a diamond bracelet.
And she literally
goes oh my god!
It doesn't get any
better than this!
And then she stopped it.
It's like what?
If you're on that kind of roll,
keep asking the questions,
you know, but you're right,
there's this, there's this place
that we have that we think
is the most we can have.
And, and it's this ceiling
that we put ourselves,
but what if you didn't
have to anymore.
What if it could just
keep getting better
and keep getting greater?
Well, once you notice
yourself getting to one
of those ceilings, just feel it.
Just feel the energy of
it and go, you know what?
I'm willing to let that go now.
All the weird stuff Dain said.
Or POC and POD all that.
Or everything that
allows us to exist,
I now destroy and uncreate it.
"Right and Wrong, Good
and Bad, POD, POC, All 9,
Shorts, Boys and Beyond."
How does it get any
better than that?
>> Lilou: I love it.
And so you're, how does that
change your practice as you kept
on continuing being
this, this chiropractor
or did your life truly blossom?
>> D.H.: Totally changed!
Totally changed, in fact,
I literally, I went and I,
so I had this session, and
it literally, it was like,
I literally looked around
and I remember I had this
blue pleather table, you know,
it's plastic and leather,
and it had these veins going
through it, and so I
used to hate that table,
because it was my table,
and when you're depressed
in your life, you hate
everything you've created,
I don't know if you've ever
been there, I hope not,
but that's one of the common
things is you hate everything
that has to do with you, and I
looked down and saw the beauty
of this table, and was like,
this is the most
beautiful table ever.
Well that kind of change was
the kind of change I had gotten
into chiropractic to create.
That's what I had always wanted
to do people is give them
an awareness of the beauty
that life could be and the
tools to actually create it.
Well here I was, I had just
experienced it, and I was like,
wow, and I would
do these sessions.
And I would get that
more and more and more
and my life would get lighter
and lighter and lighter,
and everyone I'd give a
tool to that would use it,
their lives would get lighter
and lighter and lighter.
And so literally, within
three months, I was like well;
chiropractic has been amazing,
3 months after finding Access.
I was like chiropractic
has been amazing,
chiropractic has been fun,
but this is creating the
change that I'm looking for.
And so literally, I started
doing Access Consciousness full
time, but in the meantime,
right before making that choice,
the founder of Access,
Gary Douglas,
had come into my
office for a session.
And he's like, look, I was a
network chiropractor at the time
and I love network,
awesome stuff.
There are three levels of
care there and he said look,
you have to go to the
most advanced level
because the other ones aren't
going to work on my body,
and I went, I don't
know how to do that.
He said look, just ask my
body, follow the energy,
you'll know what to do.
And I was like, I'll
know what to do?
I'm the biggest idiot you've
ever met, are you kidding?
And he said, look, you'll know
what to do and, literally,
there was this energy
that came through my body,
came through my hands, and was
in the room, and at one point,
I'm standing 15 feet away
from him and he's flopping
on the table like a fish and
I'm like, [pause] [laughter].
Have you always been
able to do that?
You know? Like, why
didn't you tell me?
You know? And literally, it
was this energy, it was like,
I can't even begin to describe
it, it felt like, it felt like,
Harry Potter, I don't know.
But it was like this
sense of peace and space
and possibilities emerging and
impossibility just blowing away.
And he got up and
he looked at me
and he went that was phenomenal.
And I realized that anytime
somebody would come to me
and be open to it, I could turn
that energy on, if you will.
And so I started working
with people and their bodies,
and really started creating
the miracles that I wanted
to create as a chiropractor.
And then life got really fun.
So within about three months,
I was like chiropractic,
you've been awesome, I
love you, I adore you,
I'm moving on to this
new adventure now.
And I literally sent a letter
to everybody in my practice
and said hey, it's been such
a cool journey with you,
if you want to go on this new
journey, here's where I'm going,
if you don't, no problem,
totally okay with that,
I'll refer you to
somebody else in town,
and I was so glad I did,
because even with all the loans
and everything else
that I'd accumulated,
and all the time investment and
everything, it was so worth it
to start doing something that
was so fulfilling and created
so much change for people.
>> Lilou: So, so how did,
how do you explain that?
What was the relationship
between the role
that you were playing with
that energy and how do you,
cause this is pretty
awesome and extraordinary,
I love this conversation.
>> D.H.: Cool, me too!
Having so much fun!
>> Lilou: What is that?
>> D.H.: Well that, I think,
is actually an acknowledgment
of who we really are.
I think we've all got
this capacity within us
to be greater and we know it.
It's just nobody's ever truly
invited us to it, you know,
people have invited it,
but they've said you've got
to do it this way, or,
they've invited it,
but they said you need to
do it based on my answer.
The thing I love about Access
is it's not anybody's answer,
except yours.
You know? And even that should
be a question, you know?
So it's actually about opening
up that in you, that greatness
in you that you are, and that's
where all of this comes from.
See it'd be one thing
if I'm like hey, Lilou,
let me work on you and let me
do this to you, but it's more
like hey Lilou, can
I work with you
and can we unlock everything
that's keeping you stuck
from getting to be you,
and then life is fun.
You know? And then it's yours.
>> Lilou: So this, is that
what you call body language,
body communication, can we do
that with our, with ourself?
>> D.H.: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And it start, it's
basically two things that,
that start that process.
And one is being aware
of the energy of things
like I was talking about before.
Because literally your body
communicates energetically,
it doesn't communicate in words.
It's like words,
are you kidding?
I don't understand
words, stop talking to me
in words, talk to me in energy.
And so what you want
to do is start noticing
when your body feels
light, when it feels heavy,
when you eat something
and you feel heavy.
When you eat something
and you feel light.
When you meet someone
and you feel heavy.
and your feel light.
When you have sex with
someone and you feel heavy.
someone and you feel light.
>> Lilou: That's
not a good sign!
>> D.H.: I know, exactly!
[Laughter] Cause I'm sorry to
say this, but people don't seem
to realize that if you're going
to have sex with somebody,
you should actually feel
lighter after, not heavier.
But a lot of people are
actually not even realizing it,
they're actually healers, and
they're actually sexual healers,
meaning that what they're doing
is they're finding somebody
to heal, they're
not finding somebody
to have sex with for fun.
Because they're so
naturally wanting
to make people's lives better,
that what they do is they
have sex with somebody
that they can heal and
make their lives better.
>> Lilou: Interesting!
I've never heard that before!
>> D.H.: Really?
Oh, well this is, we could
do a whole other interview
on just that.
Because, literally.
>> Lilou: We're going
to do that.
>> D.H.: Okay.
You're like that one
let's talk about.
Cause literally what
happens is you take on,
especially if you
don't acknowledge
that this is a capacity you have
and this is what you're able
to do and this is what
you're doing, you take on all
of their stuff, all of
the yuck in their world,
and a lot of times they wake up
the next day going, oh my god,
I feel so alive,
I feel so happy,
and you're like why do I feel
like I was just run
over by a train?
You know what I mean?
That's when you have
that healing capacity.
And so, so everything
that brought up,
everywhere where you've done
it, everywhere where all
of you have done it,
everything that's still locked
into your body, can we start
the unlocking process now?
Can we destroy and
uncreate everything
that keeps it locked
into your body.
"Right and Wrong, Good
and Bad, POD, POC, All 9,
Shorts, Boys and Beyond."
That's got a bit of energy
to it, meaning probably a lot
of people out there have
done it, and so there's
that one thing, okay,
so the energy of it,
about communicating
with your body,
noticing what makes
your body lighter,
noticing what makes it heavier.
Noticing that when you put on
certain clothes, your body goes,
[sigh] and it starts to sing.
You know? And feel more alive.
And you put on certain
clothes and it's like,
nobody should look at me now.
You know? Because there are
certain clothes you wear
where you, where it has the
effect of not making people want
to look at you, but want
to look away from you.
You know, on those days where
you don't want to be seen,
you wear a different outfit
than on those days you
do want to be seen.
Well what if every
day were a day
where your body would
like to be seen?
Because your body
loves the energy
that other people direct at it.
So you start looking for
what makes your body lighter,
what makes it heavier, okay?
And what makes you
lighter and heavier.
And then also, you want
to start asking your body
for everything that concerns it.
>> Lilou: Food.
>> D.H.: Food, clothing,
movement,
and one of the other
things you don't want
to do is you don't
want to exercise.
I know that sounds weird.
But if you think of the word
exorcise, remember that,
remember that movie
with Linda Blair?
Exactly. Projectile vomit while
your head is spinning around,
that's what your body hears
when it goes hey you
want to exercise?
It's not like no!
Don't leave!
You know? Cause it
thinks it's going
to kick you, the being, out.
So, but your body loves to move.
So you want to say hey, body,
what movement would
you like to do today?
You know? And it might be
dancing, it might be running,
it might be a walk
around the block,
it might be sex, who knows?
Body, what would you
like to wear today?
like to eat today?
And if you're at a restaurant,
for example, and, and if, well,
okay, the restaurant example
is you're sitting there,
close your eyes, close your
eyes, close the menu, open,
open the menu, open your eyes,
and the first thing
your eyes focus
on is usually what
your body would like.
>> Lilou: That easy?
>> D.H.: That easy.
>> Lilou: How does that work?
>> D.H.: That, because your
body [laughter], I love it.
You're like, how is
it that it's easy?
What? I've been working
really hard to get this.
I know! Exactly!
It really is that easy.
How does it work?
Cause, once again, your body
communicates energetically.
Our body's have been
communicating with us
for so long and we have
not been listening,
that we've literally
got to retrain ourselves
to speak its language, cause
it literally speaks a language
of energy.
So what you want to do is
realize your body speaks a
language of energy, that's one
way you can communicate with it,
and also, whatever is lighter
is what your body likes.
So when you go to
look at your closet
and go body what would
you like to wear today?
Whatever feels light, like,
ooh, kind of like a little kid,
you know, being excited,
like ooh,
that's what it wants to wear.
And if you go from there, like
let's say you're going on a,
I don't know, like a
worldwide trip or something.
You know, and you're going
to be gone a few weeks,
so you go body, what
would you like to take?
And I know it can sound weird,
because people are like, what,
I'm going to talk to my body?
Well, yeah.
Why not?
>> Lilou: Talk louder!
>> D.H.: Loud or not!
It depends on how much you want
to make your friends think
you're really weird, you know?
[Laughing] Cause, I don't
usually do it out loud.
But I've developed this thing
where I let my body
tell me what it wants.
What it wants to wear, and,
and cause I travel a lot also,
and so I'll go through
my closet and go okay,
based on temperature, you know,
it's going be like okay, here,
so it is linen weather, is
it this weather, whatever?
I'm like okay body out of this,
cause here's the temperature,
what is it that we're
going to want to wear?
And pick all those things
and then you're good to go,
and what happens is you put
it on and people look at you
and they're like, oh,
you look so nice today.
Why? Because your
body wanted to wear
that because it knew some
match would work there,
that would actually
make it work for you.
>> Lilou: That's awesome.
That's pretty handy,
especially for a woman,
because we have quite
a challenge with that.
It's like, oh no, there's
nothing to wear, there's nothing
to wear in that closet!
>> D.H.: Exactly!
And then what you want to do,
when you go there's nothing
to wear, see if you say
there's nothing to wear,
your point of view
creates your reality.
Reality doesn't create
your point of view.
So when you say there's
nothing to wear,
that's exactly what you create.
Rather than that, when you
notice yourself saying there's
nothing to wear good,
you know what?
POC and POD all that.
What, body, what
do you want to wear
that I haven't looked at yet?
Cause a lot of times, and
here's the weirdest thing,
you'll have this outfit that's
been tucked away for three
and a half years, you know?
And all of a sudden, you
find it, on one of those days
when you think there's nothing
to wear, you put it on and it's
like everybody goes oh my god,
that's such a beautiful
outfit, when did you get it?
And you're like,
1982 [laughing], you
know what I mean?
But it looks great and it's
been hiding there forever
because you just forgot about it
and I know it sounds funny to,
you know, talk about real
practical stuff like clothing
and what you wear, but this
is also part of our lives.
>> Lilou: This is life, yeah.
>> D.H.: Yeah, and this is
the place where you want
to have tools too because
a lot of people think
that tools are only about
the big things, and no,
you want to have tools
every moment of your life
because the little
things accumulate.
Little heaviness's, little
judgements, they accumulate
and they start growing, and then
they get a life of their own.
If you don't ever have
to add to that pile,
if your life is light
all the time,
or at least mostly all the time.
>> Lilou: And if not, that
means it's not ours or just,
it's not there to serve us.
>> D.H.: Exactly.
And there's a way to change it.
See if it's not light, if what
you're living is not light,
there's a way to change it.
That's what I really would like
people to get, really would
like them to know, is
there's a way to change that.
You don't have to live with
that heaviness anymore.
the depression, you don't have
to live with the body image
issues, you don't have
to live with the insecurity.
You don't have to live
with thinking you're
a pile of poo anymore.
We don't, you know what I mean?
And I say that cause those are
all the things I was living
with 13 years ago.
And it's so funny because people
look at me now and they're
like oh, you're, really?
I'm like, yeah, really.
To the point where it
was overwhelming me.
You don't have to live that way.
The tools are available
to change it.
It's.
>> Lilou: Every area
of our life.
>> D.H.: Yeah, and it
just what works for you.
>> Lilou: Awesome.
I so enjoyed this conversation,
is there a last little thing
that you would like to leave us
with here, after this beautiful,
awesome, juiciness of yours,
I mean this is really great
because beyond those words, I
know that those videos go out
and it's energetic too
when there's something
that is communicated and shared.
I hear it's very practical,
so that's what I love;
I really enjoy that, thank you.
And, and, and there's, how does
it get any better than this?
>> D.H.: Yes.
That. And if, what I'd like
to say people out there is
if you could truly change
anything, think about what it is
in your life you thought
couldn't change and what
if you would actually
allow it to change?
And what if you realize
that you, truly being you,
are the gift and the
change this world requires?
>> Lilou: And boom, boom,
boom this world changes.
>> D.H.: Yes.
And then, we can actually
create it as a planet
and a world we all like to live
on, rather than a place we feel
like we don't want to live on
rather than a place we feel
like we're not being able
to contribute and rather
than a place we feel we're
not being contributed to.
Truly, what if we could create
this planet as our home now?
Now just some outpost
where we've been stuck
and we're waiting to get off.
And what if it's
up to us and what
if we truly have the
tools to make that happen.
>> Lilou: Thank you so much
Dain, I really enjoyed it.
>> D.H.: Thank you Lilou.
I have enjoyed it too.
Thank you so much.
>> Lilou: How does
it get any better
than this my beautiful
co-creators?
[Background Music] Big, big
kisses from beautiful, amazing,
sunny Santa Barbara Hills.
Whoa!
[ Music ]